---
layout: post
title: "CORS에 대한 보다 깊은 이해"
date: 2019-05-20
categories: [Web]
icon: fa-globe
---

- **Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)** is a mechanism that uses additional HTTP headers to tell a browser to let a web application running at one origin (domain) have permission to access selected resources from a server at a different origin.
    - origin → domain, protocol, and port
- For security reasons, browsers restrict cross-origin HTTP requests initiated from within scripts.
    - For example, XMLHttpRequest and the Fetch API follow the **same-origin policy**.
    - This means that a web application using those APIs can only request HTTP resources from the same origin the application was loaded from, unless the response from the other origin includes the right CORS headers.
- The ***Access-Control-Allow-Origin*** header should contain the value that was sent in the request's Origin header.
- **preflighted request**
    - Unlike “simple requests”, "preflighted" requests first send an HTTP request by the **OPTIONS** method to the resource on the other domain, in order to determine whether the actual request is safe to send.
        - OPTIONS is an HTTP/1.1 method that is used to determine further information from servers, and is a safe method, meaning that it can't be used to change the resource.
    - **Once the preflight request is complete, the real request is sent.**
    - ***Access-Control-Max-Age*** gives the value in seconds for how long the response to the preflight request can be cached for without sending another preflight request.
        - Each browser has a maximum internal value that takes precedence when the Access-Control-Max-Age is greater.
    - Not all browsers currently support following redirects after a preflighted request.
        - The CORS protocol originally required that behavior but was subsequently changed to no longer require it.
        - However, not all browsers have implemented the change, and so still exhibit the behavior that was originally required.
- When responding to a credentialed request(cookie...), the server must specify an origin in the value of the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header, instead of specifying the "*" wildcard.

> [출처 MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)을 읽고 정리한 글입니다.
